Martin Duke's nits (#4449)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

packet sent by the client is subject to the same restrictions as the first
Initial packet.  A client MUST use the same cryptographic handshake message it
included in this packet.  A server MAY treat a packet that contains a different
cryptographic handshake message as a connection error or discard it.  Note that

> including a Token field might reduce the available space for the cryptographic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including a Token field reduces the available space for the cryptographic
```
